A small piece of code written in C# that uses Microsoft Powerpoint 2010 automation libraries to convert Powerpoint and Open Document Presentations to video from the command line.
I've kept the code simple so it is easy to understand. "Do What The Fuck You Want":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WTFPL with it :)


h2. Formats Supported

* PPT
* PPTX
* ODP

Embedded videos and fonts also work


h2. Requirements

# Microsoft Windows
#* Server 2008R2 and Windows 7 have the best media support for conversions
#* The desktop experience feature needs to be added to windows server for video support
# Microsoft Powerpoint 2010 with developer tools installed
# Dot NET is also required.

h3. Running from a Services

When this application is launched from a service it will fail unless the following folder exists:
* C:\Windows\System32\config\systemprofile\Desktop
* C:\Windows\SysWOW64\config\systemprofile\Desktop (when running 32bit PPT on x64)

This applies to: Windows Vista/Windows 2008 Server and newer operating systems


h2. Usage


@PPTVideo.exe <infile> <outfile> [-d]@


Use the '-d' switch to *delete the infile*, the outfile format is WMV and the in/out files can be relational paths to the working directory or fully qualified.

The resulting file is a perfect conversion and works much better than commercial tools that attempt to do the same thing (Probably because we are using Microsoft's conversion tool, this just provides command line access).
I then use FFMPEG to convert the video into any other required format, in this case WEBM for use on the web.

Also this is free :)